# DSA210-PROJECT
# The Accuracy Rates of Weather Prediction: Exploring The Relationship Between Advancing Technological Meteorological Models and Climate Change
# Project Proposal
This project aims to explore the deviations in meteorological forecasting accuracy through the relationship between technological advancements and climate change. Over the last 3 decades, computing power and the resolution of weather models have increased significantly. However, climate change is increasing atmospheric entropy, leading to sudden and extreme weather events that are difficult to predict. This project will demonstrate whether technological progress is enough to keep up with increasing climate change due to human activities. For this project, I will use the ECMWF (ERA5) Reanalysis database, which is one of the most reliable global sources for atmospheric data. I will collect the data using CDS API (Climate Data Store) with Python. This will be cross-referenced with the ECMWF Operational Model Evolution records, which provide the technical benchmarks for model resolution and supercomputing milestones from 1990 to 2026. The dataset covers a broad sample size of over 13,000 daily data points over approximately 36 years. During the analysis phase, I will use Python to compare past forecast accuracy with climate anomalies from the same period. This will allow me to visualize the non-linear relationship between the precision provided by technology and the uncertainty created by a changing climate through data-driven charts and maps.
